fireworks for the winner proudly the saw
drove up to the ceremony for the Car of
the Year award with a big lead the new
Passat prevailed in the finale against
its six contenders this is the third
victory for Volkswagen in five years as
the best European car following the Polo
and the golf
but I'm going to assume that the team is
proud that they feel confirmed in their
work their intensive commitment and
perfecting every detail every
technicality and I'm sure that they feel
that the work they did was worth it a
lot of effort and time went into this
but this award shows that our people did
a great job and I would like to thank
them for that
in July 2014 the eighth generation of
the best-selling car celebrated its
debut in Potsdam the most successful
European business car premiered with new
engines and less weight while closing
the gap between itself and luxury class
vehicles showing a decent lunch behind
us we placed high demands on this guy
also in terms of technology we wanted to
set a milestone would base it on the
modular transverse matrix and we achieve
this the fact that we get positive
feedback from our customers and the
press is the icing on the cake and can't
expect that a plan for us it's less
common on each plug at one point 1
million vehicles sold each year the
Passat is Volkswagens car with the
highest production volume worldwide the
debut of the eighth generation marks the
beginning of a new era in terms of
engines design proportions safety
comfort and driving fun the Passat Glenn
stud which does a even it makes the
Passat special is that it features a lot
of technological components you normally
only find in luxury class all the safety
systems a driving assistance system the
networking and a facade you can pair any
cell phone to the car you can access the
cloud you can surf the web these are all
things that ultimately make this car
especially sadena d let's and fish the
exempt outer Cape in late summer
Volkswagen will launch the GTE the first
Passat with a plug-in hybrid drive
complementing its lineup of nine
gasoline and diesel engines then the
Passat too will combine the
environmental friendliness of an
electric drive with the long-distance
comfort of a TSI engine